
I began programming when I was 10 years old after my oldest brother had begun his
first year of university and had been taught the language C. He setup my first IDE
which was CodeBlocks and challenged me to complete exercises from the book he had
been learning from. This passion continued as I chose to study Computer Science for
my GCSEs in 2014 where we were taught Web Development and the basics of Python,
which came easily thanks to my prior experience.

I was approached for my first job in Web Development in July 2014 as the Systems
Manager for a company called NoteTones Music Production Services Ltd. (now
dissolved). I was initially tasked with developing the front-end including a music
samples page and search function based on title or tag. Once complete I began a
full-stack client dashboard  where users could directly interact with producers
and view live progress on their commissions.

Being unable to study Computer Science during my A-Levels in 2016, I decided to take
an internship at Wolfram Research Europe Ltd. to join their team developing software
for mathematics and physics based learning modules. My role was to test the software
and where minor develop my own solutions and commit the change to the central GIT
system. This was my first experience working in the same room with other software
developers and was a very valuable learning experience.

In 2017 I chose to study a degree in Computer Science at the University of Southampton
taking interest in modules such as Algorithmics, Intelligent Systems, Cyber Security,
Computer Vision, and Machine Learning Technologies. I graduated three years later
in 2020 with a --- and wrote a dissertation on whether Machine Learning could be
applied to detect Malicious URLs, directly comparing several feature representations
and machine learning models to determine the most optimal.

During my second year of university I participated in another internship at Roke Manor
Research where I worked on a piece of software capable of analysing and summarsising
text conversations using Natural Language Processing techniques, neural networks,
and statistical analysis with a front-end user interface. This work led to an offer
of employment from Roke to enter their graduate program, where I would work on
Data Science and Artificial Intelligence related fields.
